Remove note callouts from the docs (#7433)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android/quickstart.md

## Step 5. Identify Users

> success ""
> For any of the different methods described in this quickstart, you can replace the properties and traits in the code samples with variables that represent the data collected.

> The `identify` method is one of Segment's core API methods. It's how you tie one of your users and their actions to a recognizable userId. It also lets you record traits about the user, like their email, name, account type, etc. You can read more about it in the [identify reference](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android#identify).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Identify call is one of Segment's core API methods. It's how you tie one of your users and their actions to a recognizable `userId`. It also lets you record traits about the user, like their email, name, and account type. You can read more about it in the [Identify reference](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android#identify).
```
